updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#17047)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/graphics-multimedia/graphics-rendering-registry-settings.md

  
<a name="xpdmandwddm"></a>   
## What are XPDM and WDDM?  

>  Some of the graphics rendering registry settings have different default values, depending on whether your video card uses an XPDM or WDDM driver. XPDM is the Microsoft Windows XP Display Driver Model and WDDM is the Windows Display Driver Model. WDDM is available on computers running Windows Vista and Windows 7. XPDM is available on computers running Windows Vista, Microsoft Windows XP, and Microsoft Windows Server 2003. For more information about WDDM, see [Windows Vista Display Driver Model Design Guide](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/ms796755.aspx).  

Reviewer: s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Some of the graphics rendering registry settings have different default values, depending on whether your video card uses an XPDM or WDDM driver. XPDM is the Microsoft Windows XP Display Driver Model and WDDM is the Windows Display Driver Model. WDDM is available on computers running Windows Vista and Windows 7. XPDM is available on computers running Windows Vista, Microsoft Windows XP, and Microsoft Windows Server 2003. For more information about WDDM, see [Windows Display Driver Model (WDDM) Design Guide](/windows-hardware/drivers/display/windows-vista-display-driver-model-design-guide).  
```
